中文说明：
  本项目基于rails 3
    项目描述：
        1.这个是我的个人博客。用于发表ROR技术相关的文章
        2.读者可以通过访问网站，阅读博文，发表评论
        3.博文内容可以实现富文本编辑，高亮代码显示等功能
        4.友好的用户界面
        5.良好的用户体验
    详细描述：
        2010.7.30-工作内容：
            1.创建本项目，对于项目需求做了一个简单规划。
            2.基于目前所要实现的功能，设计数据库
            3.确定三个模型：post,comments,category
            4.已实现模型字段以及相互关系的定义
            5.基本功能已经实现：
                ＃网站的整体布局，以及css框架的确定
                ＃发表文章，选择文章分类，文章的富文本编辑（plugin:YUI_editor）,ruby代码语法高亮（gems:coderay,RedCloth）
                ＃实现文章评论功能
              未实现功能：
                *未实现评论的reply功能（预计对comment使用自关联设计，实现一对多功能）
                *完善用户体验（对网站链接，统计功能等）
English description：
   The project is based on rails 3
    Project Description:
        1. This is my personal blog for publishing articles which are ROR technology-related
        2. Readers can visit the website, read the blog posts and commit comments
        3. Achieve using rich text editor to edit the posts and snytax highlight function.
        4. Friendly user interface
        5. Nice user experience
    Description:
        2010.7.30-Work:
            1. Created the blog project and made a simple blueprint.
            2. Design the database based on the current functions to be achieved.
            3. Generate three model: post, comments, category
            4. Defined the columns of the 3 models and the relationship between them.
            5. Basic function has been achieved:
                # Site's layout framework including the css.
                # Publish the article, select the category, the article's rich text editor (with plugin: YUI_editor), ruby code syntax highlighting (with gems: coderay, RedCloth)
                # Submit article comments function
              Functions not implemented:
                * Reply to the comment (expect useing the comment self associated design, implementation, one to many relation)
                * Improve the user experience (such as the website link, statistical functions, etc.)